= netgrowl

Send Growl notifications by UDP in pure Ruby.

== Examples

  ##
  # Register an application
  # This has to be done once per client. But *not* once per session.
  # Registering an application will reset all settings on the client.

  Growl.register("All messages", :application => "My Application")

  # OR

  # Register two identifiers. But only the first is enabled by default here.
  Growl.register [
    "Important Stuff",
    {:identifier => "Debug", :enable => false}
  ], :application => "My Application"


  ##
  # Send a notification

  Growl.notify {
    application = "My Application"
    identifier = "All messages"

    title = "Important!"
    message = 'Hello World'
    sticky!
  }

  # OR

  include Growl
  notify "Hello there", :application => "My Application"

  # OR

  Growl.notify "Hello!", :application => "My Application", :sticky => true

= License (MIT)

== Short version

    take my code with you
    and do whatever you want
    but please don’t blame me

    http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/000360

== Legal version

Copyright (c) 2011 Holger Just

Parts of this library are based on https://github.com/visionmedia/growl, Copyright (c) 2009 by TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.